Entitlement Management + Verified ID (#20295)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/verifiedcredentialdata.md

---
title: "verifiedCredentialData resource type"

> description: "Data containing the metadata of the issuing authority, presented credentials and the verified claims."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the metadata of the verifiable credential including the issuing authority, presented credentials, and the verified claims."
```

author: "sponnada"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# verifiedCredentialData resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Data containing the metadata of the issuing authority, presented credentials and the verified claims.

Reviewer: Match with Line 3
